Add Terms of Service to README (#221)
1Password/op-js: README.md

This package is a simple JavaScript wrapper for the [1Password CLI](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli). It provides methods for most of the CLI's [commands](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/reference), and in many cases extends the CLI's ability to authenticate using [biometrics](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/about-biometric-unlock) to whatever Node-based application you're building. It also includes TypeScript declarations.

> *By accessing or using 1Password Developer Tools, you agree to the [API and SDK Terms of Service](https://1password.com/legal/api-sdk-terms-of-service).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This project is licensed under [MIT](./LICENSE). Use of the 1Password APIs and services accessed through these tools is governed by the [1Password API Terms of Service](https://1password.com/legal/api-sdk-terms-of-service).*
```
